# Tracing accesibility issues on the page (https://learn.foundersandcoders.com/workshops/learn-a11y/starter-files/)

## LightHouse Testing Results

## Contrast
*  ### Background and foreground colors do not have a sufficient contrast ratio.
    Low-contrast text is difficult or impossible for many users to read.

## Names & Labels
*  ### Document doesn't have a `<title>` element.
    The document should have a unique title element. The title gives screen reader users an overview of the page, and search engine users rely on it heavily to determine if a page is relevant to their search.
*  ### Image elements do not have `[alt]` attributes.
    Informative elements should aim for short, descriptive alternate text. Decorative elements can be ignored with an empty alt attribute.

## Navigation
*  ### Heading elements are not in a sequentially-descending order.
    Properly ordered headings that do not skip levels convey the semantic structure of the page, making it easier to navigate and understand when using assistive technologies. 

## Internationalization and localization
* ### `<html>` element does not have a `[lang]` attribute.
    If a page doesn't specify a lang attribute, a screen reader assumes that the page is in the default language that the user chose when setting up the screen reader. If the page isn't actually in the default language, then the screen reader might not announce the page's text correctly.

## Browser Compatibility    
* ### Page lacks the HTML doctype, thus triggering quirks-modeDocument must contain a doctype.
    Specifying a doctype prevents the browser from switching to quirks-mode.


## Manual Testing Results

* ### Carousel 
    It is not obvious the image is scrollable. 

* ### The navbar on the top left is not labeled.
    It is not clear there is a navigation menu for not sighted users. A `<title>` element should be used, so a screen reader knows what this button is.

* ### We cannot use the keyboard to navigate the navbar.
    The element `<button>` should be used. The divs are not recognised as elements that prompt some sort of action.

* ### The alternative texts for the drink images are empty.
    The `[alt]` provides useful background information about the image. 

* ### The carousel is not scrollable by the keyboard.
    `tabindex='0'`should bring the focus to carousel. With the tab key we can focus on the carousel and then navigate with the arrow keys.